Updates docs for firmware changes for CM5 / Pi500 and other recent firmware changes. (#3935)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/config_txt/overclocking.adoc

| Forces turbo mode frequencies even when the ARM cores are not busy. Enabling this may set the warranty bit if `over_voltage_*` is also set.

| initial_turbo
| Enables https://forums.raspberrypi.com/viewtopic.php?f=29&t=6201&start=425#p180099[turbo mode from boot] for the given value in seconds, or until `cpufreq` sets a frequency. The maximum value is `60`. The November 2024 firmware update made the following changes:

> * changed the default to `60` to reduce boot time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* changed the default from `0` to `60` to reduce boot time
```

| Forces turbo mode frequencies even when the ARM cores are not busy. Enabling this may set the warranty bit if `over_voltage_*` is also set.

| initial_turbo

> | Enables https://forums.raspberrypi.com/viewtopic.php?f=29&t=6201&start=425#p180099[turbo mode from boot] for the given value in seconds, or until cpufreq sets a frequency. The maximum value is `60`.  In newer versions of the firmware (rpi-update 2024/11) the default has been changed to `60` in order to reduce boot time. In addition, the Kernel CPU performance governor has been switched from `powersave` to `ondemand`.

Reviewer 2: "(rpi-update 2024/11)" -> "(added to `rpi-update` in November 2024)" ?

Also should probably be a lower-case 'k' on kernel?

Author: I think 2024/11 is unambiguous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enables https://forums.raspberrypi.com/viewtopic.php?f=29&t=6201&start=425#p180099[turbo mode from boot] for the given value in seconds, or until `cpufreq` sets a frequency. The maximum value is `60`. The November 2024 firmware update made the following changes:

* changed the default to `60` to reduce boot time
* switched the kernel CPU performance governor from `powersave` to `ondemand`

```

While 2024/11 is unambiguous, I think these changes make the details a bit clearer.
For the first bullet point (the default), it would be nice to know what the _old_ default was for reference!

Author: How about from '0' to '60'

=== Overclocking problems

> Most overclocking issues show up immediately with a failure to boot. If this occurs, remove any clock frequency overrides from `config.txt` then increasing the core-voltage via the `over_voltage_delta` parameter before re-applying over-clocking parameters.

Reviewer 2: increasing -> increase ?
